Documented Docker container OpenSSL abilities being affected by Host network proxy services (#440)
AMDResearch/omniperf: docs/install/grafana-setup.rst

   $ sudo docker-compose build
   $ sudo docker-compose up -d

> .. note::
>    In the event docker container build fails to verify certificates, try to disable 
>    network proxy services as a first step.
>    Network proxy services running on the host can significantly interfere with 
>    OpenSSL's ability to retrieve a proper certificate chain when accessing websites 
>    from within Docker containers.
>    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::

   To troubleshoot Docker container build failures related to certificate verification, try 
   disabling any network proxy services on the host system. These proxy services can interfere 
   with OpenSSL's ability to retrieve a correct certificate chain when the container accesses 
   external websites.
```
Maybe something like this would be cleaner?
